HTC's new teaser proves to be kind of
creepy the blackberry q10 may take more
months to reach stores and LG teases a
new smartphone lineup I'm hi meri beta
surviving a full gallon of coffee this
morning this is parking out daily talk
about tales from the crypt HTC has just
sent out a teaser of what we could
expect for their februari 19th events
the problem is when you get a human
heart and you nail it to a circuit board
I mean talk about nasty now the question
is really what could this mean could it
be that they're teasing something that
we really don't understand and then
they'll probably get Freddy Krueger to
be the celebrity endorsement gah and
since we're currently in teaser motel
jeans just prepared their own on what we
could expect for their event at mwc 2013
apparently they have something new and
store new lineup coming up and the
question is if this is a new Optimus
revamp or if we could be getting a new
tablet lineup with which LG has pretty
much been in existence we'll keep you
posted at their M the VC event see what
happens and speed of announcements we
know that samsung will be pretty much
absent at mwc 2013 apparently the
question now is when will the galaxy s4
be announced there's been a topic of
much speculation and some are already
saying that it'll be launched at March
fifteenth but the interesting part of
the news here is that apparently that
event will happen in the United States
and not in Europe as it's happened
before so could it be that we will be
getting a global launch all at the same
time that will be awesome and speaking
of sami they just made the round of
trademarks in the united states and
europe and get these names galaxy s kit
galaxy s act galaxy s impact and galaxy
s mate whatever these are probably not
great phones but the interesting news
here is that in Europe they've just
trademark the name called at Eve's se
zexy has with Z as in man what a crazy
name and I really can't stop giggling
here I wonder what this could be
apparently this is a Windows 8 to have
it coming in the future and let's see if
it's sexy or not and finally for the sad
news of the day those of you that are
waiting for the blackberry q10 to be
launched will have to
only wait summers have the device being
launched in April others have may some
are even talking about the end of June
for certain carriers and it's just kind
of an irony since apparently blackberry
in the past was all about cuties and now
it just seems that they can't figure out
their new blackberry 10 qrt device to be
launched and that really leads me to the
question of the day I mean how big our
keyword to keyboards for you now in
these days and ages because seriously
for me I've pretty much forgot about
curity keyboards I've gotten accustomed
to on-screen keyboards but leave us a
comment down below are you on the ropes
for this device do you want to curate a
keyboard let us know and if you want
earlier scoop of everything that's
happening in the smartphone and tablet
world make sure you follow us on Parker
now calm it subscribe to our YouTube
channel as well please give this video a
thumbs up if you liked what you saw I'm
hi Mary later thanks for watching see
you tomorrow
you